chore(docs): Update README.md (#18340)
risingwavelabs/risingwave: README.md

To learn about other installation options, such as using a Docker image, see [Quick Start](https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/current/get-started/).

## When is RisingWave the perfect fit?
RisingWave is the ideal solution for:

> * Handling real-time data sources like Kafka streams, database CDC, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Handling real-time data from sources like Kafka streams, database CDC, and more.
```

* Performing complex, on-the-fly queries such as joins, aggregations, and time windowing.

> * Interactively and concurrently explore consistent, up-to-the-moment results.
> * Seamlessly send results to downstream systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Interactively and concurrently exploring consistent, up-to-the-moment results.
* Seamlessly sending results to downstream systems.
```

should we use ing here @WanYixian ?

Reviewer 2: We can use -ing here because these bullet points are kind of the latter part of the overall sentence: 
"RisingWave is the ideal solution for..."
